R-0.0.1 (#89)
bob-crutchley/notes: topics/networking/modules/frames/README.md

## Frames Traversing the Network
With a hub, outgoing frames PCA are relayed to all devices on the network included in the frame is the physical address of the sender and the target.
All devices will check the frame to see if the physical address matches their own.
If the target address matches, the frame is processed, otherwise it is discarded.

## Cyclic Redundancy Check (CRC)

> CRC is used as way to verify the integrity of the data being sent in the Frame and ensure that it hasn’t been corrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CRC is used as a way to verify the integrity of the data being sent in the frame, and to ensure that it hasn’t been corrupted.
```

> CRCs are a part of the Frame Check Sequences (FCS), all frames that are traversing over a network are in danger of being corrupted or damaged by interferences on a network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CRCs are a part of the Frame Check Sequences (FCS). All frames that are traversing over a network are in danger of being corrupted, or damaged, by interferences on a network.
```

> FCS can use CRCs to validate the data that has been transmitted, CRCs work in a similar way to checksums; an algorithm generates a number or string of text from a piece of data, this algorithm can then be calculated in calculated again when the frame is received to confirm its integrity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FCS can use CRCs to validate the data that has been transmitted. CRCs work in a similar way to checksums; an algorithm generates a number or string of text from a piece of data, and this algorithm can then be used to confirm the frame's integrity when it's received.
```

![Cyclic Redundancy Check](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/UaSVzouzhqyIat8pqoGfH_3mHy1-MBV3Fu0Y6xzC1y4yM8yWMgD8FvFgd2952s3ce1D7nGN-jIEuKms1XjwCB8fVQJRLblrZ2V5vdamEFQzU_SRzS90_ObvigD3QpLlFlGJ0kOTMVyb8ZNMpgzdyF5IUKdqaScshibwT8B8Uu2sT_jNiMcS3HhKUq6M0KUZKim4Dk0vtcmASNzP7DtT4zau4X4tk1mZ9CvxTDqQ9x2qsiCFIoMQtlYsCkxNi_qWXQru0de1y4yeeVmK7obeDYm04kKCTJcznPRk3l0gdn9_xWx6FnrRH7Tkss42Vvit98cB_2kPCPY0G6a1DQaDyGcFEyggbw6K7foxdMNFerr5Rfh_YzYCTmjeAr6xmHClWt5f_U2KXgYaBLU2lrApBrGNU57Wm4_5I0bITzkA-dRCOx4bTG9d1kY5hKT6T8UL0ThMXW9YQL3LdwyDv5hAAOCXUhflEqxytwEM0fp6qOEp5xvZL_JdlNe2P8DjuICTLXBZ3RXCIIrqzUKLAAGHfgb_VaGyYy_GviC0534GQdAIdHTZS-QOy252Gpbn8PxSMDWLCxx6ADpldW7--g8_QtunlerwNV4ILXM9tqyXXPVVla5OKGBd-jLEg1Z3JFkK2gts7OegiM-I1uKKxGdR8A3mvgpZZfL0jxPz1azt6sPj1nBpjBvbfZPSFE_2hqjohLm0zL07OipEOpptUxZSyMdlou-kaAS2ERLkLmGBnfCpgGDvd=w1278-h411-no)

## Tasks
For the task below you will need Wireshark installed.

> If you are unsure what Wireshark is, how to use or install it please have a look at the [Wireshark Introduction Module](/topics/wireshark/modules/introduction)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are unsure what Wireshark is, how to use or install it, please have a look at the [Wireshark Introduction Module](/topics/wireshark/modules/introduction)
```

### Viewing Frames with Wireshark

> We can start by running a scan for a moment until some packets come in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can start by running a scan until some packets come in.
```

> Once there are some packets there you can stop the scan and click on one of the packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once there are some packets there, you can stop the scan and click on one of the packets.
```

![Wireshark Frames](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/dibVkV243q_w-BgH7Iwv4-55mJ--drOww0I1EQct98MR7l8sOH47hYx-LFpMm2Lm79d6Vsb8sBdvawUzSNf4bZPt1A-fk2lLwwhmVBUzPnnZzlv1rWxqUz0EXwrbaGa5-krA_PPBR9v3EIEzMe4TyRQEB4Zq16-C3ma7znaNSpz1sPlwfTrcY05JQ0U9cLFzBiBkCg0NXuBEvLm3kuDyGcO1A996ZfyNHLDK2Ngck6nLvBw5OGqCNuCINQlQUtwaPgwl13DV_zOUG8aSfHJIoUkHmZee8_7hoiH61d_10Lhgh6DjRhDX0SBbmJ2rqe6IMyJUxnzeewI2zWFzWAS2YGV0OW7xttHgBAlQIzrYdZ7vlHHsYje4Qy3Eli3uiwOCL7LMzPJyKhka8bKRTpKhude50RUYfP2Ymx8haT6jsCxZ_21iiNWafe1vqDA1QOBFT8jxXyUP0DgJCftPqBnJMgWJ5MXZ5ff3RaBn6bfz4X0FdRDUBgcwmtc-nvfBy_XtACdwVC_70tg8D6KB_AuxxBATmgBO-pAI_a4bZzLftfNtj9ZnDaXYFQ_SngdQwiwdDasrXCv115cTAxR2stiZBXWG6Yi6t1dRB4BImBuFWOK35xDNaRRJTQbwjc11ZF7ii0stdKlzywmyPLEn9OFmdmCRBwR_S23sbQcmvWqivM8xwf4WVj3AFeJOCzsY_NjcvwzjEYwjj6ycgax7S34Z_EVTywHFtAfEBgGkE571F_RR8bba=w1102-h430-no)

> - In the bottom window pane you will see the frame contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the bottom window pane, you will see the frame contents
```

- In the middle frame is properties about the frame and protocols being used in that frame.
- The example above shows properties for a TCP packet over IPV4
- You can expand the `Frame` drop down to see frame properties

>     - The CRC is removed by the network interface before being sent to Wireshark, so this wont be visible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The CRC is removed by the network interface before being sent to Wireshark, so this won't be visible
```
